Level:1
Room:1 % Merchant/tutorial
Passage: Movement
Hey there! 
You’re the new recruit! 
John Doe, right? I’m Anna!
Let me run you through how things work around here.
See that flower in the corner? Bernard and I used to chat there all the time…
Try getting over there using the arrow keys or the spacebar.
% -pockam, nez tam hrac dojde-
Passage: Interaction
Oh, Bernard? Right. He was my boyfriend… I miss him every day.
Anyway, it looks like they forgot to give you your uniform! Walk over to that table over there and pick it up with E.
% -pockam, nez sebere uniformu (boty a sako)-
Passage: Combat
If you want to get anywhere in this company, you need to be ready to wrestle with your colleagues. 
And I don’t mean that figuratively. You literally have to fight them. 
Try slapping with the left mouse button and shooting with the right mouse button.
% -pockam, nez to hrac udela-
Passage: Outro
I’ll be happy to help you out, so I’ll check on you from time to time, see if you need anything. 
You kind of remind me of him, you know?

Room:2 % Nick
Passage
I was never a huge fan of that Nick guy. 
We went on a business trip together once and I didn’t want to share a room with him.
He didn’t say anything but he became rather unfriendly with me after that.

Room:3 % Ms Pots
Passage
With Ms Pots, we always kept our friendship professional. 
She never really liked to talk about personal stuff, and I knew she wouldn’t approve of how I live my life, anyway.

Room:4 % Boss
Passage
Once, during a company party, me and Bernard were a bit tipsy and wanted some privacy. So we went to the boss's empty room to hang out. 
Of course, Mr Smith caught us and that’s how the whole office found out about us. 
He told me he didn’t mean to out us like that but I never quite believed him.

Level:2
Room:1 % Merchant
Passage
The party wasn’t where our relationship began, of course. 
We used to meet in Mr Smith’s room after office hours way back, though we always waited until all of our colleagues were gone so that nobody would find us out.

Room:2 % Joe
Passage
This one time, we were walking through the park, holding hands with B, when Joe almost ran into us. 
I panicked, of course, but he was so focused on his morning run he didn’t even notice we were there.

Room:3 % Random mobky (vyber z Nicka, Ms Pots a Ms Cups)
Passage
We always used to make fun of these people with B. 
You could barely tell them apart with how strictly they were trying to conform to the company code.

Room:4 % Boss
Passage
At one point, Bernard started having meetings with Jimmy for “some work stuff” as he used to call it. 
He was really secretive about it for some reason, we even had a fight about it. 
I have no idea why he associated with the guy. Normally, he had no respect for people like him.

Level:3
Room:1 % Merchant
Passage
You’re almost at the top now.
Here, there’s something I want to give you.
It’s the last thing of Bernard’s I have left but, I think, it might bring you more luck than me.
% - dostanes kravatu- (obrazek kravaty + hvezdicky treba - pokud mas kravatu na sobe, vymeni ti ji to za tuhle lepsi a vic shiny)

Room:2 % Random mobky
Passage
Finally, Bernard got promoted. I was really happy for him, at first.
But then, he started going out for lunch with my superiors, instead of with me.
We barely even rode to work together anymore.
And he didn’t stop there, he wanted to get to the very top.

Room:3 % Random mobky
Passage
He just felt different, like we weren't even friends anymore, much less equals.
Sorry. 
I don’t really want to talk about him anymore.
…
Well, you’ll see for yourself soon enough.

Level:4 % Roof
Room:1
Passage: Roof entrance
...
Well, well, well.
If it isn’t the John Doe I’ve heard so much about!
I see Anna is as naive as ever. No way you’d get to the top without her help.
She told you about me, didn’t she? 
I bet she’s still obsessed with me. Pretty pathetic, if you ask me.
Passage: After passing first row of traps
She was always part of the plan. 
Did you think I didn’t know they would catch us sneaking into the boss’s room to make out? 
I knew that to succeed I had to get their attention first.
Passage: After passing second row of traps
What really helped me out, though, was meeting that police guy, Jimmy.
He was such a sissy, and needed friends up top.
He was so easy to use, and Anna barely suspected a thing. 
I think she thought I was cheating on her with him. Blergh, can you imagine?
Passage: Right before you reach Bernard
Anna never understood. 
She’s too naive to get far in this world. That’s why we didn’t work out. 
That’s why I had to leave her behind.
Passage: Outro
So, tell me. Did you appreciate Anna and what she did for you? 
You’re the same as me.
And you will end up the same.
Still, I wouldn’t change a thing. 
Would you?



